What was beyond the bend in the stream was unknown. 
Both were curious, but only one was brave enough to want to explore. 
That was the problem. There was always one that let fear rule her life.
Don't forget that gifts often come with costs that go beyond their purchase price. 
When you purchase a child the latest smartphone, 
you're also committing to a monthly phone bill. 
When you purchase the latest gaming system, 
you're likely not going to be satisfied with the games that come with it 
for long and want to purchase new titles to play. 
When you buy gifts it's important to remember that some come with 
additional costs down the road that can be much more expensive than the 
initial gift itself.
The box sat on the desk next to the computer. 
It had arrived earlier in the day and business had interrupted her opening 
it earlier. She didn't who had sent it and briefly wondered who it might have been. 
As she began to unwrap it, she had no idea that opening it would completely change her life.
There was something special about this little creature. 
Donna couldn't quite pinpoint what it was, 
but she knew with all her heart that it was true. 
It wasn't a matter of if she was going to try and save it, 
but a matter of how she was going to save it. She went back to the car 
to get a blanket and when she returned the creature was gone.
The headache wouldn't go away. 
She's taken medicine but even that didn't help. 
The monstrous throbbing in her head continued. 
She had this happen to her only once before in her life and 
she realized that only one thing could be happening.
Ten more steps. If he could take ten more steps it would be over, 
but his legs wouldn't move. He tried to will them to work, 
but they wouldn't listen to his brain. Ten more steps and 
it would be over but it didn't appear he would be able to do it.
He had done everything right. 
There had been no mistakes throughout the entire process. 
It had been perfection and he knew it without a doubt, 
but the results still stared back at him with the fact that he had lost.
The shades were closed keeping the room dark. 
Peter knew that he should open them and let in the sunlight 
so he could begin the day, but he didn't have the energy or willpower. 
Nothing had gone as expected the day before and he no longer wanted to 
spend the energy to begin a new day. He stared at the shades wondering 
if there was a way to disappear from the reality of the world for the rest of the day.
I've rented a car in Las Vegas and have reserved a hotel in Twentynine 
Palms which is just north of Joshua Tree. We'll drive from Las Vegas 
through Mojave National Preserve and possibly do a short hike on our way down. 
Then spend all day on Monday at Joshua Tree. We can decide the next morning 
if we want to do more in Joshua Tree or Mojave before we head back.
The robot clicked disapprovingly, 
gurgled briefly inside its cubical interior and extruded a pony glass of brownish liquid.
"Sir, you will undoubtedly end up in a drunkard's grave, dead of hepatic cirrhosis," 
it informed me virtuously as it returned my ID card. 
I glared as I pushed the glass across the table.